feat(curriculum): create tables and forms quiz (#57188)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-html-tables-and-forms/66ed902df45ce3ece4053ebc.md

#### --text--

Which html element allows a two-dimensional table with column and row?

#### --distractors--

> `<row>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`row`
```

the question ask which element, these are html tags

---

> `<matrix>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`matrix`
```

---

> `<table r="3" c="4">`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`table` using attributes `r="3" c="4"`
```

#### --answer--

> `<table></table>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
table
```

alternatively having only one of the options having also a closing tag is suspicious

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to specify row and header respectively?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What elements are used to specify row and header?
```

#### --distractors--

> `<r><thead>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `r` element is used for rows and the `thead` element is used for the header.
```

---

> `<row><th>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `row` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.
```

---

> `<tr><head>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tr` element is used for rows and the `head` element is used for the header.
```

#### --answer--

> `<tr><th>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tr` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is `<td>` element?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is the `td` element used for?
```

#### --distractors--

> Used to define a table data type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to define a table data type.
```

---

> Used to merge two columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to merge two columns.
```

---

> Used to merge two rows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to merge two rows.
```

#### --answer--

> Used to define a table cell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to define a table cell.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is colspan?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What's the function of the `colspan` attribute?
```

#### --distractors--

> Define the length of a column in a table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines the length of a column in a table.
```

---

To remove the breakline between text in a column

---

> Used to define the number of column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's used to define the number of columns.
```

#### --answer--

> Merges a cell across multiple columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It merges cells across multiple columns.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> `<table>
>     <tr>
>         <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
>     </tr>
> </table>`
> How to make the span across two rows only?

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

How to make the cell span across two rows only?
````

Code snippets need this markdown. One single backtick works only for inline code

#### --distractors--

> `<table>
>     <tr>
>         <td row="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
>     </tr>
> </table>`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td row="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```
````

---

> `<table>
>     <tr rowspan="3">
>         <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
>     </tr>
> </table>`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<table>
    <tr rowspan="3">
        <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```
````

---

> Not possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not possible.
```

#### --answer--

> `<table>
>     <tr>
>         <td rowspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
>     </tr>
> </table>`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```
````

Reviewer: Also, doesn't this still span accross three rows?

### --question--

#### --text--

> Waht is the purpose of `<thead>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Waht is the purpose of the `thead` element?
```

#### --distractors--

> Can be used interchangeably with `<th>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be used interchangeably with `th`.
```

---

> Defines a single header cell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines a single header cell.
```

---

> Essential for marking table headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's essential for marking table headers.
```

#### --answer--

> Groups table header rows 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It groups table header rows. 
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> `<tfoot>` can be placed before or after `<tbody>`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tfoot` element can be placed before or after `tbody`?
```

#### --distractors--

> False

Reviewer: An either-or question can't have true/false as answers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neither before nor after
```
I am not sure it makes more sense tho

---

Only Before

---

Only After

#### --answer--

> True

Reviewer: An either-or question can't have true/false as answers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both before and after.
```
Maybe this?

Author: I think when it comes all together, they make sense.

### --question--

#### --text--

> If `<tfoot>` is written before `<tbody>` then where will it be rendered?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `tfoot` element is written before the `tbody` element then where will it be rendered?
```

#### --distractors--

> Before `<tbody>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before `tbody`.
```

---

> Will show an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will show an error.
```

---

> After that `<tbody>` element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that `tbody` element
```

#### --answer--

> Always bottom

Reviewer: Always bottom of what? this answer needs a complete sentence

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to define a new column in a table?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What element is used to define a new column in a table?
```

#### --distractors--

> `<th>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`th`
```

---

> `<tc>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tc`
```

---

> `<tcol>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tcol`
```

#### --answer--

> `<td>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`td`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to add styling elements to a group of columns in a HTML table?

Reviewer: If you ask how the answers need to be sentences that answer the how question, not just tags

`table`

### --question--

#### --text--

What elements are used to specify row and header?

#### --distractors--

The `r` element is used for rows and the `thead` element is used for the header.

---

The `row` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.

---

The `tr` element is used for rows and the `head` element is used for the header.

#### --answer--

The `tr` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the `td` element used for?

#### --distractors--

It is used to define a table data type.

---

It is used to merge two columns.

---

It is used to merge two rows.

#### --answer--

It is used to define a table cell.

### --question--

#### --text--

What's the function of the `colspan` attribute?

#### --distractors--

It defines the length of a column in a table.

---

To remove the breakline between text in a column.

---

It's used to define the number of columns.

#### --answer--

It merges cell across multiple columns.

### --question--

#### --text--

```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

> How to make the span across three rows only?

Reviewer: ```suggestion

How to make the span across three rows only?
```

fenced code blocks need to be surrounded by empty lines

```

### --question--

#### --text--

Waht is the purpose of the `thead` element?

#### --distractors--

It can be used interchangeably with `th`.

---

It defines a single header cell.

---

It is essential for marking table headers

#### --answer--

It groups table header rows. 

### --question--

#### --text--

The `tfoot` element can be placed before or after `tbody` element?

#### --distractors--

Neither before nor after

---

Only Before

---

Only After

#### --answer--

Both before and after

### --question--

#### --text--

If the `tfoot` element is written before the `tbody` element then where will it be rendered?

#### --distractors--

Before `tbody`.

---

It will show an error.

---

After that `tbody` element.

#### --answer--

Always at the bottom of the table.

### --question--

#### --text--

What element is used to define a new column in a table?

#### --distractors--

`th`

---

`tc`

---

`tcol`

#### --answer--

`td`

### --question--

#### --text--

What defines the cell of a header and improves accessibility?

#### --distractors--

`colspan`

---

`style`

---

`table` with attribute `style = " "`

#### --answer--

`scope`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is `<input>` element?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following statements is true for the `input` element?
```
`<input>` is a tag, if you talk about an element, it must be without the angular brackets.
I suggest a different question as most of the choices are not the answer to a what-question

#### --distractors--

> Allows users to enter any type of data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows users to enter any type of data.
```

sentences require a full stop at the end

---

> A pop-up box that asks user to enter data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a pop-up box that asks user to enter data.
```

---

> Can be only used inside a form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be only used inside a form
```

#### --answer--

> Defines a single line text field by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It defines a single line text field by default.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

How to use `<input>` inside a form to properly send data?

#### --distractors--

```html
<form>
    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username"></input>
    <input type="submit" value="Submit"></input>
</form>
```

---

```html
<form>
    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username" type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>
```

---

> All of the above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the other choices are correct.
```
they are in a scrambed order, so saying "above" is not going to be correct.

#### --answer--

```html

> <form>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<form>
```

    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username">
    <input type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which attribute specifies that the element must be filled out before submitting the form?

#### --distractors--

`necessary`

---

`imp`

---

> Not possible via HTML only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not possible via HTML only.
```

#### --answer--

`required`

### --question--

#### --text--

How to hide an input from the user?

#### --distractors--

`<hidden></hidden>`

---

`<input type="text" hidden>`

---

> Not possible via HTML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not possible via HTML.
```

#### --answer--

`<input type="hidden" name="inputName" value="inputValue">`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the `_target` attribute do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does the `target` attribute do?
```

the attribute doesn't have the underscore

#### --distractors--

It specifies the variable we intend to change.

---

It specifies different ways to store the response of the form.

---

It specifies different keyword searches.

#### --answer--

It specifies a name or keyword that indicates where to display the response after submitting the form.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following input type is correct?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following `type` attribute for the `input` element is correct?
```

#### --distractors--

`<input type="search">`

---

`<input type="range" min="" max="">`

---

`<input type="email">`

#### --answer--

> All of the above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the other choices.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> `<form action="action.php" method="post">` When is post method used?

Reviewer: This question is too advanced, it must be HTML only

#### --distractors--

When receiving data to a script.

---

When a user is receiving data.

---

To post a the forms response.

#### --answer--

When submitting data to a script.

### --question--

#### --text--

How to define the length of the input?

#### --distractors--

It is not possible.

---

`<input length="15">`

---

`<input len="15">`

#### --answer--

`<input minlength="3" maxlength="15">`

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to properly apply form validation to a form?

Reviewer: the question does not work, as `formnovalidate` allows for submitting without validation

#### --distractors--

`<input type="button" formnovalidate>`

---

`<button type="button" formnovalidate></button>`

---

`<input type="text" formnovalidate>`

#### --answer--

`<button type="submit" formnovalidate></button>`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following `<input>` type attribute is incorrect?

Reviewer: this is a repeat of a previous question

Author: It's similar but the not the exact same question.

#### --text--

> Which html element allows a two-dimensional table with column and row?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which html element allows a two-dimensional table with columns and rows?
```

#### --distractors--

`row`

---

`matrix`

---

`table` using attributes `r="3" c="4"`

#### --answer--

`table`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What elements are used to specify row and header?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What elements are used to specify a row and a row header?
```

couldn't `thead` be considered a header? I thought this makes it a little more specific.

#### --distractors--

The `r` element is used for rows and the `thead` element is used for the header.

---

The `row` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.

---

The `tr` element is used for rows and the `head` element is used for the header.

#### --answer--

The `tr` element is used for rows and the `th` element is used for the header.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the `td` element used for?

#### --distractors--

It is used to define a table data type.

---

It is used to merge two columns.

---

It is used to merge two rows.

#### --answer--

It is used to define a table cell.

### --question--

#### --text--

What's the function of the `colspan` attribute?

#### --distractors--

It defines the length of a column in a table.

---

> To remove the breakline between text in a column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It removes the breakline between text in a column.
```

---

It's used to define the number of columns.

#### --answer--

> It merges cell across multiple columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It merges cells across multiple columns.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

> How to make the span across three rows only?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How to make the `td` above span across three rows only?
```

#### --distractors--

```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td row="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

---

```html
<table>
    <tr rowspan="3">
        <td colspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

---

It's not possible.

#### --answer--

```html
<table>
    <tr>
        <td rowspan="3">This cell spans across three rows</td>
    </tr>
</table>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Waht is the purpose of the `thead` element?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is the purpose of the `thead` element?
```

#### --distractors--

It can be used interchangeably with `th`.

---

It defines a single header cell.

---

It is essential for marking table headers

#### --answer--

It groups table header rows. 

### --question--

#### --text--

> The `tfoot` element can be placed before or after `tbody` element?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Can the `tfoot` element be placed before or after `tbody` element?
```

#### --distractors--

> Neither before nor after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neither before nor after.
```

---

> Only Before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only before.
```

---

> Only After

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only after.
```

#### --answer--

> Both before and after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both before and after.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

If the `tfoot` element is written before the `tbody` element then where will it be rendered?

#### --distractors--

Before `tbody`.

---

It will show an error.

---

After that `tbody` element.

#### --answer--

> Always at the bottom of the table.

Reviewer 2: Aren't these both correct? Maybe change the first one to "Within the `tbody`" ?

### --question--

#### --text--

> What element is used to define a new column in a table?

Reviewer 2: This feels a little tricky. Does the `td` really define a new column? Maybe, kind of technically, but I think we could change it to just "cell".

Author: I have rewritten it as cell.

#### --distractors--

`th`

---

`tc`

---

`tcol`

#### --answer--

`td`

### --question--

#### --text--

What defines the cell of a header and improves accessibility?

#### --distractors--

`colspan`

---

`style`

---

`table` with attribute `style = " "`

#### --answer--

`scope`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does `<input>` tag do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What does the `<input>` tag do?
```

#### --distractors--

It allows users to enter any type of data.

---

It is a pop-up box that asks user to enter data.

---

It can be only used inside a form to enter user input.

#### --answer--

It defines a single line text field by default.

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to use `<input>` inside a form to properly send data?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which one of these uses `<input>` inside a form to properly submit data?
```

#### --distractors--

```html
<form>
    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username"></input>
    <input type="submit" value="Submit"></input>
</form>
```

---

```html
<form>
    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username" type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>
```

---

All of the other choices are correct.

#### --answer--

```html
<form>
    <input type="text" name="username" placeholder="Enter your username">
    <input type="submit" value="Submit">
</form>
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which attribute specifies that the element must be filled out before submitting the form?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which attribute specifies that an input must be filled out before submitting the form?
```

#### --distractors--

`necessary`

---

`imp`

---

It is not possible via HTML only.

#### --answer--

`required`

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to hide an input from the user?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How can you hide an input from the user?
```

#### --distractors--

`<hidden></hidden>`

---

`<input type="text" hidden>`

---

It is not possible via HTML.

#### --answer--

`<input type="hidden" name="inputName" value="inputValue">`

### --question--

#### --text--

> What does the `target` attribute do?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What does the `target` attribute of a form do?
```

#### --distractors--

It specifies the variable we intend to change.

---

It specifies different ways to store the response of the form.

---

It specifies different keyword searches.

#### --answer--

> It specifies a name or keyword that indicates where to display the response after submitting the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It specifies indicates where to display the response after submitting the form.
```

Author: Can I alter it as below?
It indicates where to display the response after submitting the form.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following `type` attribute for the `input` element is correct??

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following `type` attributes for the `input` element is correct??
```

#### --distractors--

`<input type="search">`

---

`<input type="range" min="" max="">`

---

`<input type="email">`

#### --answer--

All of the other choices.

### --question--

#### --text--

What does the `action` attribute do?

#### --distractors--

It works as the `submit` attribute.

---

It is used to collect data from the user.

---

> It defines the action needed to be taken with the response collected.

Reviewer 2: This one doesn't make a lot of sense to me.

#### --answer--

> It displays the location(URL) where the forms response need to be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It displays the location (URL) where the form's response need to be sent.
```

> It displays the location (URL) where the form's response need to be sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It defines where the form's response is sent.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to define the length of the input?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How can you define the length of an input?
```

#### --distractors--

It is not possible.

---

`<input length="15">`

---

`<input len="15">`

#### --answer--

`<input minlength="3" maxlength="15">`

### --question--

#### --text--

> How to remove form validation applied to specific elements?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How can you remove form validation?
```

#### --distractors--

`<input type="button" formnovalidate>`

---

`<button type="button" formnovalidate></button>`

---

`<input type="text" formnovalidate>`

#### --answer--

`<button type="submit" formnovalidate></button>`

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which form element describes the label?

Reviewer: `for` is an attribute, the question and answer don't match

> Which attribute can be used to describe a label?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Which attribute is used to associate a label with an input?
```
